Dear WAI Interest Group,

W3C WAI invites you to comment on a version 1.0 APA Group Note:
Accessibility Maturity Model

Work will continue on the Maturity Model after the 1.0 note is released.
Therefore, we continue to invite comments as W3C members and the public
explore implementation in more detail.

Overview:

The Accessibility Maturity Model (AMM) describes an overall framework
for establishing a robust ICT accessibility program and identifying
areas for improvement. The Accessibility Maturity Model is a tool that:

-   Assesses the current effectiveness and capabilities of an entire
    organization or subunits within the organization

-   Supports identification of gaps between the current capabilities and
    the next level of accessibility maturity

-   Supports plans for next steps to improve the organization\'s
    accessibility performance over time

-   The approaches identified in this document are intended to influence organizational programs and advance accessibility focus from making digital assets and services       accessible to creating an environment in which organizational maturity, specific to digital accessibility, may be measured and evaluated over time. This evolution     towards proactive accessibility is relevant to all parts of an organization that contribute directly or indirectly to influencing digital accessibility maturity.

Seeking input:

We continue to encourage broad review from a cross-disability
perspective. This 1.0 note incorporates substantial revisions made in
response to various stakeholders\' comments on the previous Working
Drafts. These comments led to adding additional details and definitions
as well as clarifying the document\'s scope.

Comments:

Please open a new issue in the [document\'s GitHub
repository](https://github.com/w3c/maturity-model/issues/new) to comment

Please create separate GitHub issues for each comment, rather than
commenting on multiple topics in a single issue.

If it\'s not feasible to use GitHub, you may send comments via e-mail
to: <public-maturity@w3.org>

Please:

\* put your comments in the body of the message, not as an attachment

\* start your e-mail subject line with: \[Maturity\]

Please do not include any proprietary data in your Github ticket or
email as these are both archived publicly.

Regards,

Sheri Byrne-Haber and David Fazio for

Janina Sajka and Matthew Atkinson, Accessible Platform Architectures
(APA) Working Group Co-Chairs

Roy Ran, W3C Staff Contact for APA Working Group
